README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Aument Post CRUD</h1>

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Github top language" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/leorrodrigues/aument-frontend?color=56BEB8">

  <img alt="Github language count" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/leorrodrigues/aument-frontend?color=56BEB8">

  <img alt="Repository size" src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/leorrodrigues/aument-frontend?color=56BEB8">

</p>

<!-- Status -->

<!-- <h4 align="center">
	🚧  Reactjs Aument 🚀 Under construction...  🚧
</h4>

<hr> -->

<p align="center">
  <a href="#dart-about">About</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#sparkles-features">Features</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#rocket-technologies">Technologies</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#white_check_mark-requirements">Requirements</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#checkered_flag-starting">Starting</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="https://github.com/leorrodrigues" target="_blank">Author</a>
</p>

<br>

## :dart: About ##

Front-end application built with ReactJS and NextJS. Being a CRUD application for basic POSTS that contain tags and may have a photo associated with it. Additionally, a USER login was made, allowing only authenticated users to use the CRUD functionalities.

## :sparkles: Features ##

:heavy_check_mark: User login/logout with Bearer authentication;\
:heavy_check_mark: CRUD for TAGS;\
:heavy_check_mark: CRUD for Users;\
:heavy_check_mark: A user can only delete himself;\
:heavy_check_mark: CRUD for POSTS;\
:heavy_check_mark: One POST must have been associated with one tag;\
:heavy_check_mark: If one tag is associated with a post, this tag can't be deleted;\
:heavy_check_mark: Index page with the 3 newest recent posts;\
:heavy_check_mark: Image upload with drag-and-drop;






## :rocket: Technologies ##

The following tools were used in this project:

- [React](https://pt-br.reactjs.org/)
- [NextJS](https://nextjs.org/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Apollo Client](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/)
- [Apollo Upload Client](https://github.com/jaydenseric/apollo-upload-client)

## :white_check_mark: Requirements ##

Before starting :checkered_flag:, you need to have [Backend](https://github.com/leorrodrigues/aument-backend) project running in your local machine.

## :checkered_flag: Starting ##

```bash
# Clone this project
$ git clone https://github.com/leorrodrigues/aument-frontend

# Access
$ cd aument-frontend

# Install dependencies
$ yarn

# Run the project
$ yarn dev

# The server will initialize in the <http://localhost:3000>
```

Made with :heart: by <a href="https://github.com/leorrodrigues" target="_blank">Leonardo Rodrigues</a>

&#xa0;

<a href="#top">Back to top</a>

Commit message:

chore: add default user credentials into README.md

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Aument Post CRUD</h1>

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Github top language" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/leorrodrigues/aument-frontend?color=56BEB8">

  <img alt="Github language count" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/leorrodrigues/aument-frontend?color=56BEB8">

  <img alt="Repository size" src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/leorrodrigues/aument-frontend?color=56BEB8">

</p>

<!-- Status -->

<!-- <h4 align="center">
	🚧  Reactjs Aument 🚀 Under construction...  🚧
</h4>

<hr> -->

<p align="center">
  <a href="#dart-about">About</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#sparkles-features">Features</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#rocket-technologies">Technologies</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#white_check_mark-requirements">Requirements</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="#checkered_flag-starting">Starting</a> &#xa0; | &#xa0;
  <a href="https://github.com/leorrodrigues" target="_blank">Author</a>
</p>

<br>

## :dart: About ##

Front-end application built with ReactJS and NextJS. Being a CRUD application for basic POSTS that contain tags and may have a photo associated with it. Additionally, a USER login was made, allowing only authenticated users to use the CRUD functionalities.

The default user credentials are:
- login: aument
- password: aument

## :sparkles: Features ##

:heavy_check_mark: User login/logout with Bearer authentication;\
:heavy_check_mark: CRUD for TAGS;\
:heavy_check_mark: CRUD for Users;\
:heavy_check_mark: A user can only delete himself;\
:heavy_check_mark: CRUD for POSTS;\
:heavy_check_mark: One POST must have been associated with one tag;\
:heavy_check_mark: If one tag is associated with a post, this tag can't be deleted;\
:heavy_check_mark: Index page with the 3 newest recent posts;\
:heavy_check_mark: Image upload with drag-and-drop;






## :rocket: Technologies ##

The following tools were used in this project:

- [React](https://pt-br.reactjs.org/)
- [NextJS](https://nextjs.org/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Apollo Client](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/)
- [Apollo Upload Client](https://github.com/jaydenseric/apollo-upload-client)

## :white_check_mark: Requirements ##

Before starting :checkered_flag:, you need to have [Backend](https://github.com/leorrodrigues/aument-backend) project running in your local machine.

## :checkered_flag: Starting ##

```bash
# Clone this project
$ git clone https://github.com/leorrodrigues/aument-frontend

# Access
$ cd aument-frontend

# Install dependencies
$ yarn

# Run the project
$ yarn dev

# The server will initialize in the <http://localhost:3000>
```

Made with :heart: by <a href="https://github.com/leorrodrigues" target="_blank">Leonardo Rodrigues</a>

&#xa0;

<a href="#top">Back to top</a>
